**EuroSkills Herning 2025 Hungarian National Competition, Web Development - Round 1** 

### 4. Accessibility Compliance (Phase 2): 
You should meticulously apply accessibility standards (WCAG) to ensure that the website is inclusive and can be used by all users, regardless of their abilities. This will involve providing alternative text for images, semantic HTML elements, and proper ARIA attributes.

### 5. SEO Best Practices (Phase 2): 
Participants will incorporate SEO best practices into the website's --HTML structure--, --meta tags--, and --content--, optimizing it for search engine visibility and ranking. This will increase DineEase's online presence and attract organic traffic.

### 6. Restaurant Card Web Component (Phase 3):
- You need to create one component: `restaurant-card`. This component will have the following props:
    - `id: number`
    - `layout: vertical | horizontal`
    - `title: string`
    - `imageSrc: string (image from unsplash)`
    - `description: string (slot)`
- You must also implement a custom event handler. In the future, when others want to use your component, they can add an event listener to this component to react when the `Continue` button is clicked. The event listener will be used like this: `card.addEventListener("select", () => {})`
- You should submit your solution in the `/web-component` folder of your repo. 

## Clean Code
* **Comments**: Provide the necessary amount of comments in your HTML, CSS and JS files.
* **Semantic Elements**: Please use semantic elements in HTML files wherever possible.
* **Modularity and Reusability**: Break code into reusable modules or components to reduce redundancy and ease maintenance.
* **Smart Framework Use**: Efficiently utilize frameworks and libraries to write concise, effective code, avoiding unnecessary dependencies.

## Validation
The website will thoroughly test on the latest stable versions of Google Chrome and Firefox. W3C also will be used  to check for HTML and CSS validity. Axe browser extension will be used for accessibility testing.